# Human Administration
human_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_human
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_human
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Human Military
human_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_human
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_human
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Qiraji Administration
qiraji_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_qiraji
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_qiraji
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Qiraji Military
qiraji_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_qiraji
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_qiraji
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Nerubian Administration
nerubian_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nerubian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nerubian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Nerubian Military
nerubian_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nerubian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nerubian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Mantid Administration
mantid_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mantid
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mantid
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Mantid Military
mantid_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mantid
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mantid
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Centaur Administration
centaur_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_centaur
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_centaur
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Centaur Military
centaur_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_centaur
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_centaur
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Draenei Administration
draenei_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_draenei
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_draenei
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Draenei Military
draenei_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_draenei
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_draenei
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Broken Administration
broken_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_broken
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_broken
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Broken Military
broken_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_broken
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_broken
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Red Dragon Administration
red_dragonflight_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_red_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_red_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Red Dragon Military
red_dragonflight_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_red_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_red_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Green Dragon Administration
green_dragonflight_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_green_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_green_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Green Dragon Military
green_dragonflight_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_green_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_green_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Black Dragon Administration
black_dragonflight_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_black_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_black_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Black Dragon Military
black_dragonflight_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_black_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_black_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Blue Dragon Administration
blue_dragonflight_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blue_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blue_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Blue Dragon Military
blue_dragonflight_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blue_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blue_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Bronze Dragon Administration
bronze_dragonflight_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_bronze_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_bronze_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Bronze Dragon Military
bronze_dragonflight_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_bronze_dragonflight
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_bronze_dragonflight
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dwarf Administration
dwarf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dwarf Military
dwarf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dark Dwarf Administration
dark_iron_dwarf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_iron_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_iron_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dark Dwarf Military
dark_iron_dwarf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_iron_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_iron_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dryad Administration
dryad_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dryad
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dryad
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dryad Military
dryad_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dryad
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dryad
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Frost Nymph Administration
frost_nymph_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_nymph
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_nymph
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Frost Nymph Military
frost_nymph_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_nymph
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_nymph
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Crystal Nymph Administration
crystal_nymph_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_crystal_nymph
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_crystal_nymph
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Crystal Nymph Military
crystal_nymph_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_crystal_nymph
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_crystal_nymph
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Earthen Administration
earthen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_earthen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_earthen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Earthen Military
earthen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_earthen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_earthen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# High Elf Administration
high_elf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_high_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_high_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# High Elf Military
high_elf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_high_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_high_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Blood Elf Administration
blood_elf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Blood Elf Military
blood_elf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Nightborne Administration
nightborne_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightborne
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightborne
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Nightborne Military
nightborne_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightborne
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightborne
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Night Elf Administration
night_elf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_night_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_night_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Night Elf Military
night_elf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_night_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_night_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Furbolg Administration
furbolg_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_furbolg
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_furbolg
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Furbolg Military
furbolg_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_furbolg
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_furbolg
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Gnoll Administration
gnoll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gnoll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gnoll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Gnoll Military
gnoll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gnoll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gnoll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Gnome Administration
gnome_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gnome
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gnome
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Gnome Military
gnome_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gnome
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gnome
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Goblin Administration
goblin_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_goblin
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_goblin
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Goblin Military
goblin_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_goblin
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_goblin
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Gorloc Administration
gorloc_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gorloc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gorloc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Gorloc Military
gorloc_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_gorloc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_gorloc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Harpy Administration
harpy_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_harpy
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_harpy
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Harpy Military
harpy_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_harpy
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_harpy
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Hozen Administration
hozen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_hozen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_hozen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Hozen Military
hozen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_hozen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_hozen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Jinyu Administration
jinyu_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_jinyu
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_jinyu
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Jinyu Military
jinyu_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_jinyu
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_jinyu
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Kobold Administration
kobold_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_kobold
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_kobold
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Kobold Military
kobold_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_kobold
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_kobold
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Magnataur Administration
magnataur_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_magnataur
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_magnataur
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Magnataur Military
magnataur_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_magnataur
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_magnataur
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Mogu Administration
mogu_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mogu
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mogu
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Mogu Military
mogu_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mogu
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mogu
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Murloc Administration
murloc_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_murloc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_murloc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Murloc Military
murloc_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_murloc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_murloc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Naga Administration
naga_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_naga
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_naga
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Naga Military
naga_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_naga
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_naga
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Ogre Administration
ogre_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ogre
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ogre
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Ogre Military
ogre_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ogre
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ogre
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Orc Administration
orc_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Orc Military
orc_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Pandaren Administration
pandaren_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pandaren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pandaren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Pandaren Military
pandaren_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pandaren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pandaren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Pygmy Administration
pygmy_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pygmy
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pygmy
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Pygmy Military
pygmy_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pygmy
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pygmy
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Quillboar Administration
quillboar_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_quillboar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_quillboar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Quillboar Military
quillboar_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_quillboar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_quillboar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Satyr Administration
satyr_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_satyr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_satyr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Satyr Military
satyr_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_satyr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_satyr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Saurok Administration
saurok_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_saurok
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_saurok
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Saurok Military
saurok_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_saurok
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_saurok
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Scourge Administration
scourge_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_scourge
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_scourge
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Scourge Military
scourge_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_scourge
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_scourge
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Spriteling Administration
spriteling_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_spriteling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_spriteling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Spriteling Military
spriteling_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_spriteling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_spriteling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Tauren Administration
tauren_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tauren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tauren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Tauren Military
tauren_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tauren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tauren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Highmountain Administration
highmountain_tauren_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_highmountain_tauren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_highmountain_tauren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Highmountain Military
highmountain_tauren_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_highmountain_tauren
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_highmountain_tauren
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Tol'vir Administration
tolvir_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tolvir
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tolvir
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Tol'vir Military
tolvir_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tolvir
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tolvir
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Titanic Administration
titan_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_titan
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_titan
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Titanic Military
titan_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_titan
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_titan
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Trogg Administration
trogg_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_trogg
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_trogg
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Trogg Military
trogg_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_trogg
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_trogg
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Zandalari Administration
zandalari_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_zandalari_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_zandalari_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Zandalari Military
zandalari_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_zandalari_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_zandalari_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Jungle Troll Administration
jungle_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_jungle_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_jungle_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Jungle Troll Military
jungle_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_jungle_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_jungle_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Forest Troll Administration
forest_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_forest_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_forest_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Forest Troll Military
forest_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_forest_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_forest_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sand Troll Administration
sand_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sand_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sand_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sand Troll Military
sand_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sand_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sand_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Frost Troll Administration
frost_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Frost Troll Military
frost_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Tuskarr Administration
tuskarr_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tuskarr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tuskarr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Tuskarr Military
tuskarr_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tuskarr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tuskarr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Undead Administration
undead_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_undead
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_undead
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Undead Military
undead_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_undead
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_undead
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Vrykul Administration
vrykul_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_vrykul
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_vrykul
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Vrykul Military
vrykul_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_vrykul
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_vrykul
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Wolvar Administration
wolvar_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_wolvar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_wolvar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Wolvar Military
wolvar_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_wolvar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_wolvar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Yaungol Administration
yaungol_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_yaungol
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_yaungol
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Yaungol Military
yaungol_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_yaungol
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_yaungol
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# N'raqi Administration
nraqi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nraqi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nraqi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# N'raqi Military
nraqi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nraqi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nraqi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Abyssal Administration
void_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_void
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_void
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Abyssal Military
void_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_void
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_void
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Demonic Administration
demon_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_demon
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_demon
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Demonic Military
demon_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_demon
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_demon
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Titanic Administration
ulduar_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ulduar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ulduar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Titanic Military
ulduar_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ulduar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ulduar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Frost Giant Administration
frost_giant_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_giant
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_giant
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Frost Giant Military
frost_giant_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_giant
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_giant
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sea Giant Administration
sea_giant_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sea_giant
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sea_giant
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sea Giant Military
sea_giant_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sea_giant
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sea_giant
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Frost Dwarf Administration
frost_dwarf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Frost Dwarf Military
frost_dwarf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Grummle Administration
grummle_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_grummle
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_grummle
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Grummle Military
grummle_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_grummle
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_grummle
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Hill Dwarf Administration
hill_dwarf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_hill_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_hill_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Hill Dwarf Military
hill_dwarf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_hill_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_hill_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Frost Vrykul Administration
frost_vrykul_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_vrykul
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_vrykul
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Frost Vrykul Military
frost_vrykul_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_vrykul
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_frost_vrykul
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Kvaldir Administration
kvaldir_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_kvaldir
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_kvaldir
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Kvaldir Military
kvaldir_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_kvaldir
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_kvaldir
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Blood Troll Administration
blood_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Blood Troll Military
blood_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_blood_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dark Troll Administration
dark_troll_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dark Troll Military
dark_troll_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_troll
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dark_troll
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Drogbar Administration
drogbar_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_drogbar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_drogbar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Drogbar Military
drogbar_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_drogbar
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_drogbar
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fungarian Administration
fungarian_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fungarian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fungarian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fungarian Military
fungarian_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fungarian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fungarian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fal'dorei Administration
faldorei_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_faldorei
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_faldorei
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fal'dorei Military
faldorei_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_faldorei
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_faldorei
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Nightfallen Administration
nightfallen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightfallen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightfallen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Nightfallen Military
nightfallen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightfallen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightfallen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Felblood Administration
felblood_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_felblood
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_felblood
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Felblood Military
felblood_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_felblood
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_felblood
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Felborne Administration
felborne_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_felborne
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_felborne
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Felborne Military
felborne_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_felborne
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_felborne
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Void Elf Administration
void_elf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_void_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_void_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Void Elf Military
void_elf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_void_elf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_void_elf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Wretched Administration
wretched_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_wretched
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_wretched
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Wretched Military
wretched_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_wretched
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_wretched
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Lost One Administration
lost_one_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_lost_one
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_lost_one
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Lost One Military
lost_one_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_lost_one
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_lost_one
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Botani Administration
botani_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_botani
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_botani
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Botani Military
botani_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_botani
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_botani
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Podling Administration
podling_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_podling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_podling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Podling Military
podling_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_podling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_podling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Pale Orc Administration
pale_orc_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pale_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pale_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Pale Orc Military
pale_orc_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_pale_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_pale_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fel Orc Administration
fel_orc_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fel_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fel_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fel Orc Military
fel_orc_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fel_orc
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fel_orc
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Arakkoa Administration
arakkoa_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_arakkoa
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_arakkoa
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Arakkoa Military
arakkoa_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_arakkoa
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_arakkoa
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fallen Arakkoa Administration
fallen_arakkoa_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fallen_arakkoa
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fallen_arakkoa
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fallen Arakkoa Military
fallen_arakkoa_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_fallen_arakkoa
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_fallen_arakkoa
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Ethereal Administration
ethereal_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ethereal
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ethereal
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Ethereal Military
ethereal_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_ethereal
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_ethereal
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sethrak Administration
sethrak_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sethrak
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sethrak
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sethrak Military
sethrak_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sethrak
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sethrak
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sporeling Administration
sporeling_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sporeling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sporeling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sporeling Military
sporeling_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sporeling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sporeling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Saberon Administration
saberon_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_saberon
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_saberon
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Saberon Military
saberon_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_saberon
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_saberon
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Tortollan Administration
tortollan_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tortollan
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tortollan
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Tortollan Military
tortollan_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_tortollan
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_tortollan
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Virmen Administration
virmen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_virmen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_virmen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Virmen Military
virmen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_virmen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_virmen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Vulpera Administration
vulpera_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_vulpera
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_vulpera
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Vulpera Military
vulpera_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_vulpera
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_vulpera
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Illidari Administration
illidari_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_illidari
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_illidari
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Illidari Military
illidari_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_illidari
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_illidari
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fire Administration
elemental_fire_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_fire
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_fire
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fire Military
elemental_fire_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_fire
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_fire
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Water Administration
elemental_water_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_water
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_water
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Water Military
elemental_water_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_water
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_water
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Air Administration
elemental_wind_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_wind
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_wind
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Air Military
elemental_wind_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_wind
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_wind
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Earth Administration
elemental_earth_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_earth
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_earth
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Earth Military
elemental_earth_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_earth
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_elemental_earth
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Worgen Administration
worgen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_worgen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_worgen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Worgen Military
worgen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_worgen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_worgen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Nightmare Administration
nightmare_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightmare
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightmare
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Nightmare Military
nightmare_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_nightmare
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_nightmare
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sha Administration
sha_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sha
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sha
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sha Military
sha_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_sha
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_sha
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Rock Flayer Administration
rock_flayer_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_rock_flayer
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_rock_flayer
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Rock Flayer Military
rock_flayer_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_rock_flayer
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_rock_flayer
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Mechagnome Administration
mechagnome_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mechagnome
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mechagnome
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Mechagnome Military
mechagnome_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_mechagnome
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_mechagnome
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Iron Dwarf Administration
iron_dwarf_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_iron_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_iron_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Iron Dwarf Military
iron_dwarf_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_iron_dwarf
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_iron_dwarf
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dracthyr Administration
dracthyr_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dracthyr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dracthyr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dracthyr Military
dracthyr_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_dracthyr
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_dracthyr
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Djaradin Administration
djaradin_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_djaradin
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_djaradin
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Djaradin Military
djaradin_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = tech_djaradin
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = tech_djaradin
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

